feat: prepare release v0.2 (#82)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/index.rst

Development status
==================

> The back-casting of the 2024 TYNDP cycle involves developing new features based on the published `modelling methodology report <https://2024.entsos-tyndp-scenarios.eu/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/TYNDP_2024_Scenarios_Methodology_Report_Final_Version_250128.pdf>`__. Major and already implemented features are summarized below. Please, refer to the `release notes <https://open-tyndp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/release_notes.html>`__ for a more comprehensive list of features and to the relevant `pull requests <https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22major+feature%22>`__ for extensive documentation of the implementations.

Reviewer: This should also work in the `.rst` file, shouldn't it?
```suggestion
The back-casting of the 2024 TYNDP cycle involves developing new features based on the published `modelling methodology report <https://2024.entsos-tyndp-scenarios.eu/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/TYNDP_2024_Scenarios_Methodology_Report_Final_Version_250128.pdf>`__. Major and already implemented features are summarized below. Please, refer to the :doc:`release_notes` for a more comprehensive list of features and to the relevant `pull requests <https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22major+feature%22>`__ for extensive documentation of the implementations.
```
